[RHCLOUD-35780] Make Drawer notifications actionable by adding a link to additional details (#4405)
RedHatInsights/notifications-backend: common-template/src/main/resources/templates/drawer/Rbac/platformGroupToCustomBody.md

> Platform default group **[{data.events[0].payload.name}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/groups/detail/{data.events[0].payload.uuid}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)** has been modified by **[{data.events[0].payload.username}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/users/detail/{data.events[0].payload.username}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)** and Red Hat will not be responsible for managing it from now on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform default group **[{data.events[0].payload.name}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/groups/detail/{data.events[0].payload.uuid}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)** has been modified by **[{data.events[0].payload.username}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/users/detail/{data.events[0].payload.username}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)** and will be managed by the Organization Administrator. It will receive no further updates from Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.
```

{#include drawer/Common/commonDrawerNotification.md}
{#body}

> Platform default group **[{data.events[0].payload.name}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/groups/detail/{data.events[0].payload.uuid}?{query_params})** has been modified by **[{data.events[0].payload.username}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/users/detail/{data.events[0].payload.username}?{query_params})** and will be managed by the Organization Administrator. It will receive no further updates from Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[{data.events[0].payload.username}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/users/detail/{data.events[0].payload.username}?{query_params})** changed the Default access group. The group is now called **[{data.events[0].payload.name}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/groups/detail/{data.events[0].payload.uuid}?{query_params})**.
```
